📝 Update README (#384)
Hyle-org/hyle: README.md

## Getting Started with Cargo

> Start a single-node devnet, consensus is disabled, usefull to build & debug smart contracts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a single-node devnet (with consensus disabled), which is useful to build & debug smart contracts:
```
